[suspenseful music playing]
Agents Park and Zuma
are reviewing security footage
from around the site of the explosion.
And Ressler is looking for anything
he can find on Reggie Cole or Lacroix,
but I still need to, uh, look over
the forensic report from the scene.
[Cooper]
I sent you my notes on the report.
I'm discussing the findings
with Reddington later this morning.
Sorry, I knew that.
Okay, so I'll be in no later than 2:00.
If something comes up
with Mr. Reddington...
-call me.
-Don't worry. Everything's under control.
-See you when you get in.
-Okay.
[EKG beeping]
Raymond...
-[groans]
-Weecha.
Oh, no, no. Easy, easy, easy.
-How long have I been down?
-Almost four days.
Where's Morgan?
-I saw him walking into--
-Morgan didn't make it.
[emotional music playing]
I'm so sorry.
Weecha, before the explosion...
There was the woman...
Was it Kate?
I don't know.
You should rest. We're gonna
get you home as soon as we can.
How's Weecha?
Tenacious.
I didn't expect her
to last the first night, let alone three.
-Something to drink?
-No, thank you.
[pensive music playing]
What do you have?
Forensics ran the DNA
from the woman in the apartment
against the sample
you provided for Mr. Kaplan.
Fire caused by the explosion
degraded the sample significantly,
but there is an overlap.
As far as the ME is concerned, it's her.
You're not convinced.
DNA evidence notwithstanding,
something doesn't add up.
I have a hard time believing
Mr. Kaplan would hire Reggie Cole
to kill Doug Koster
in order to blackmail me.
I understand why Kate's involvement
would be difficult
for you to accept, Harold.
We negotiated a stay in your prosecution
on the condition that
you could expose a broader conspiracy.
If the one person responsible
died in that building--
Then the only head left to serve
to the Justice Department is mine.
You stay on Reggie Cole and the lawyer.
With any luck,
you'll find a connection to Kaplan.
In the meantime,
I'm gonna get a second opinion.
I've been dealing with anxiety, OCD,
and depression pretty much my whole life.
I've been able to manage with, um,
support and therapy and medication,
but lately, nothing helps.
I haven't been sleeping and I
can hardly eat, which is not like me.
I just-- Um...
I feel like
I'm barely holding it together.
Would you like to set those down?
Yeah, sorry.
Uh, I appreciate you bringing me in early,
by the way.
Mr. Homan was a supporter
of some of my earliest research.
Any friend of his is welcome
any time they like.
Uh, you know, when I first heard
about psychedelic therapy,
I imagined something like a bit more--
Tie-dye and trance music?
-Yeah.
-[chuckles]
We get that a lot, but the truth is
ketamine and other psychedelic therapies
are revolutionizing care for people
with treatment-resistant anxiety
and depression.
The treatment we're offering
is experimental, but it is legal.
Any questions?
-What's your fish's name?
-What fish?
His name is Frank.
-That was a joke.
-Oh.
Shall we begin?
-Okay.
-The medication you'll be receiving today
is derived from psychoactive plants.
[gentle funky music playing]
Little stick.
-Ow.
-And is delivered
alongside an imidazopyridine-class agonist
to induce REM states.
-So I'll be dreaming.
-In a manner of speaking.
We'll be playing music to help you relax
throughout the treatment.
That's nice.
But if you see something that upsets you,
just try to be curious about it.
We can always reschedule,
if you want more time to think about it.
No. Uh...
-I'm ready.
-Okay.
See you soon.
[gentle spacy music playing]
[light upbeat music playing]
Good morning!
Hey.
Oh, figures!
[Park sighs]
-How was your appointment?
-Excellent. Thank you for asking.
Well, at least one of us
is in a good mood.
Some TikToker in a 6 Series
rear-ended me on my way in.
His car was fine. Of course.
You need a mechanic, I know a good one.
Fast, cheap and reliable.
-What's the catch?
-He used to work for the Albanian Mafia.
I'll keep him in mind.
You know what I was thinking
on the way over?
We should take a trip. All of us.
Someone just tried to blow up Reddington,
so maybe next week?
Yeah, obviously for the future.
I just think we all deserve
something to look forward to.
Sounds like fun.
Great. If anyone needs me,
I will be reviewing these upstairs.
[pensive music playing]
[footsteps approach,
then knocking on door]
I know.
No knocking, but Reddington called.
He's on his way in, sounds important.
Okay. Um...
-Do you, uh, know who sent this?
-Beats me.
[alarm blaring]
What? What is going on?
Someone tripped an emergency alarm
on sub-section C.
-[Aram] What's wrong with that feed?
-I don't know. We have bigger problems.
[dramatic music playing]
-Oh, my God.
-Teams moving down multiple hallways.
Who are they? Where did they come from?
[Park] I don't know.
They've taken the elevator entrance.
Cell reception's down.
We need backup, now.
This is Special Agent Dembe Zuma.
We are under attack. We--
-Did they hear you?
-I don't know.
Look, whoever these guys are,
we need a plan now.
Hey, Aram!
There's a phone in the storage bay
on sub-section E.
Uh, I couldn't integrate it
into our comms system,
it's connected to a different--
Doesn't matter. If Ressler and I
can get there, we can call for backup.
-What should we do?
-Stay here.
Everyone take defensive positions.
Let's go.
You better make this quick.
["What a Wonderful World"
playing over phone]
♪ I see trees of green ♪
[Raymond] Aram, can you hear me?
Mr. Reddington?
If you want it to stop,
you have to get everyone out.
♪ I see them bloom ♪
♪ For me and you ♪
Aram! We've gotta go, now!
♪ And I think to myself ♪
-Mr. Reddington?
-[Ressler] Aram!
[Aram] Okay, okay.
-Let's go!
-Okay.
[dramatic music playing]
[Park] There!
-[Ressler] Dembe!
-[Dembe] Reloading.
[Ressler] Eleven o'clock.
Alina!
-No, no, no.
-[grunts] I'm sorry...
[Aram] Alina. No.
No, Alina.
Oh, my God. No.
God, no.
No. No.
-No, it's okay.
-[mechanical whirring]
Elevator.
[electricity crackles and hums]
Figures.
♪ What a wonderful world ♪
♪ Yes ♪
♪ I think to myself ♪
♪ What a wonderful world ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
[suspenseful music playing]
Alina, you're alive.
So it would seem.
I don't understand. There...
-There was an attack.
-An attack?
It seemed so real.
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
If you'll just-- Um...
Excuse me. Excuse me.
I pulled every piece of paper I could find
on your blackmailer and his lawyer.
Did you find anything
connecting them to Mr. Kaplan?
No, but I did find the shell corporations
that Lacroix used to hide the profits
from their blackmail operation.
The guy had seven properties,
a half dozen bank accounts, even a yacht.
Not exactly the upstanding lawyer
his wife described.
You think she knows more
than she was letting on?
I do. I called her office. Her assistant
said she got in 20 minutes ago.
Send me the address
and I'll meet you there.
And, Donald, thank you for everything.
Look, whoever's behind this,
I'm keeping you out of prison.
Whatever it takes.
Ah! [chuckles] Ernest Glampers.
Glampers, Trout, and Pilgrim,
attorneys-at-law.
You have the body of Ms. Kathryn Nemec,
is that correct?
-I'm sorry, sir--
-You see, Ms. Nemec was a Rosicrucian.
-A what?
-A Rosicrucian.
A member of a small religious
and cultural community
whose laws demand
that the bodies of the deceased are buried
within 24 hours of their deaths.
-I'm sorry--
-You should be.
This is a copy of the complaint
which I'm prepared to file
with the Superior Court
of the District of Columbia.
It asserts that by denying
Ms. Nemec's family access to her body,
you and your superiors
have violated their civil rights.
Ms. Nemec's family have instructed me
to refrain from filing the suit
if you will simply allow me
to perform the rite of "alure plurot."
You're a rosarian too?
By marriage. So if you'd be so kind
as to show me to Ms. Nemec's body,
you can get back to your sandwich
and we can all
avoid an awful lot of unpleasantness.
What do you say?
Please lead the way.
Yeah. Hi, this is, uh, Aram Mojtabai.
I was in the office earlier today,
and, uh, I seem to be having some kind
of really, really intense déjà vu.
I need to speak to Dr. Idigbe right away.
Hello?
[ominous music playing]
[footsteps approach,
then knocking on door]
I know. No knocking.
Reddington called.
He's on his way in, sounds important.
What did you just--?
Oh, God.
Oh, God. Okay.
So, uh, I know this might sound crazy,
but I think we're about to be attacked.
Attacked? By who?
I don't know,
that is what I'm going to figure.
I'm sorry, Aram, what is going on?
[alarm blaring]
[suspenseful music playing]
-How did you know that would happen?
-I've seen it before.
At first I thought it was a dream
or a weird déjà vu.
We have teams
moving down multiple hallways.
Mr. Reddington said, to make it stop,
we have to get out of the Post Office.
-When did you talk to Reddington?
-They've taken the elevator.
-[Aram] If I can find us a path...
-Cell reception's down.
-We need backup now.
-Okay, there. The south-east exit.
Are you guys seeing this?
[inaudible dialogue]
This is Special Agent Dembe Zuma.
We are under attack. I repeat, we are--
This is a dream.
I'm still in the doctor's office.
Aram, what is going on?
I don't know, but there is a clear path to
the south-east exit right now, everyone--
[Park] Aram!
Okay.
I know this doesn't make any sense, but...
we need to get out of the Post Office now.
-Okay.
-We trust you.
Okay.
We make a left out of the stairwell,
then it's 50 yards to the exit
at the end of the hall.
-[tense music playing]
-[Ressler grunts]
Aram!
Thank you.
-It's not working.
-That's not possible.
What? I don't understand.
I wrote the security protocols myself.
To access those, you'd need
military-grade hacking tools or Greylock.
-[Dembe] They used your software?
-I don't know.
-I thought you destroyed it.
-I did.
[Ressler] We gotta fall back!
-No. No, no. We gotta get out.
-We don't have a choice! Let's go!
["Where Is My Mind?" playing]
[Aram] We have to get out.
We have to get out.
♪ With your feet on the air
And your head on the ground ♪
-♪ Try this trick and spin it, yeah ♪
-♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Your head will collapse
If there's nothing in it ♪
♪ And you'll ask yourself ♪
♪ Where is my mind? ♪
♪ Way out in the water, see it swimmin' ♪
[gunshot]
♪ I was swimmin' in the Caribbean ♪
♪ Animals were hiding behind the rocks ♪
♪ Except a little fish
Bumped into me ♪
♪ Swear he was trying to talk to me
Coy koi ♪
♪ Where is my mind? ♪
[mechanical whirring]
♪ Way out... ♪
Hey. Hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
[suspenseful music playing]
Figures.
[pensive music playing]
Mrs. Lacroix. Donald Ressler, FBI.
I need you to step out of the car.
[engine running]
Mrs. Lacroix?
We need a crime scene unit.
This is Harold Cooper, I need
a crime scene unit sent to my location.
[tense music playing]
She's still warm.
Don't move. I'm FBI.
Put your gun on the ground, slowly.
Whatever you're thinking
about saying, don't.
-Aram, slow down--
-Please just listen to me!
Every time I get off that elevator,
we have this same conversation,
then a few minutes later,
all of you are dead, all right?
This is some kind of a bad acid trip,
and we're all in it?
Yeah. And I am sorry about that,
but I heard Mr. Reddington earlier
and he told me to get everyone out.
I know how this must sound,
but I think to make this stop,
I need to get us out.
-Aram--
-I can prove it.
You were in a car accident, right?
Rear-ended by a guy in a 6 Series.
-How did you--?
-No big deal,
Dembe knows a mechanic
who used to run guns for the Albanians.
I'd love to discuss
the metaphysics of this,
but any second,
they will come through sub-section C--
-Who's coming through?
-[Aram] I don't know.
There is like a guy in a bear mask
with a bunch of mercenaries.
It's like we're in a maze,
and if I can't find a way to get us out,
it's gonna start all over again.
It's-- It's a loop.
Aram, just breathe.
[ominous music playing]
I can't watch you all die again.
You've been under a lot of pressure.
-There's nothing wrong with taking time.
-[Aram] The sewer.
I saw workers accessing it on my way in.
[alarm blaring]
-Oh, my God.
-There's a mechanical room
in sub-section C that runs alongside
an old Water & Sewer service shaft.
-Teams are moving down multiple hallways.
-They've taken the elevator entrance.
[Aram] They staged in the shaft
and blew through the walls.
All the other exits are locked down,
so the only way out
is the way they came in.
I don't understand,
I thought Mr. Kaplan died years ago.
So did I. But the authorities
weren't able to definitively determine
whether the woman
who died in the explosion was Kate or not,
so I went to the morgue
to collect a sample for you to analyze.
I don't wanna keep you from your vacation,
Vlad, but I have to know for sure.
I need eight hours.
Edward will be waiting on my jet
with the engines running.
So just assuming you're right,
and this is all a hallucination,
what happens if you die?
Does everything reset?
I don't know, and I'd rather not find out.
-How did you--?
-Duck.
-How many times have you done this?
-Enough.
There. This is how it stops.
Come on. Go.
Go. Go now.
Come on.
[dramatic music playing]
Sorry, bear-face.
Not this time.
Figures.
I got everyone out.
[tense music playing]
[radio frequencies squeal]
[Raymond] Can you hear me?
[voice echoing]
Can you hear me? Can you hear me?
[electricity crackling and humming]
[Park] Figures.
The medication you'll be receiving today
is derived from psychoactive plants.
Little stick.
Wait.
Mommy.
["What a Wonderful World" playing slowly]
♪ I see trees of green ♪
♪ Red roses too ♪
Please.
♪ I see them bloom ♪
[gunshot]
♪ For me and you
And I think... ♪
This isn't real.
♪ What a wonderful world ♪
[ominous music playing]
Who are you?
[gasping and groaning]
I'm you.
[dramatic music playing]
[pensive music playing]
-[Cooper] Anything?
-Nothing. Guy won't say a word.
Maybe he won't have to.
We found confirmation of a payment
for $25,000 on our suspect's phone.
We think it was down payment
for the hit on Mrs. Lacroix.
-Any idea who made the payment?
-Not yet. It came from a numbered account,
which we've traced
to the Hatem Trust Bank in Lebanon.
The only problem is Hatem Trust Bank
closed over three years ago.
How was a payment made
from an account at a shuttered bank?
Not sure. The payment was time-stamped
for the morning of the bombing,
so it's possible Mr. Kaplan
was the one who made the transfer.
Timing might work, but the motive doesn't.
Why would Kaplan bother killing Mrs.
Lacroix when the plan was to kill herself?
Maybe she has co-conspirators
that she wanted to protect.
The only way to know for sure
is to identify the owner of that account.
Contact former bank clients and employees.
We need a name.
-[Raymond] Okay.
-[Weecha groans]
Okay.
There you go.
I'm not an invalid.
No, you're not, but you suffered
a major percussive trauma
and pretty severe burns,
and you need to rest.
I'm tired of rest.
Remember what you told me
on the Brazo Morales the night we met?
Be quiet.
Go to sleep.
There you go, sweetheart.
You got the sample to Cvetko?
Yes. I did.
[vehicle approaching]
What is it?
[vehicle door opens, then closes]
[suspenseful music playing]
[sighs] Mierce.
Oh, I'm so glad you came.
-I wasn't sure if--
-I came to help Weecha get better.
That's all.
-Okay.
-It would be bad enough
if you were the only one to suffer
the consequences of your decisions.
But vengeance is like a virus.
In time, everyone close to you
becomes afflicted.
And still, you won't stop, will you?
-Mierce--
-Then we have nothing left to discuss.
Excuse me.
[Aram X] Remember junior prom?
Came back from the bathroom to find Linda
Beckman making out with Dominic Angelella.
-You should have hit him in the face.
-This isn't happening.
-You're not--
-Real?
Oh, I think I am.
I'm part of you.
And I've been waiting
a long time for this.
[tense music playing]
No point running. Can't escape yourself.
-I got them out.
-[imitates buzzer]
Wrong.
Getting everyone out was a lie you made up
because you can't face the truth.
And you wanna know why you believed it?
Because Reddington said so.
Gotta love the voice of authority
when you're too weak to trust yourself.
But, hey, I don't blame you.
I wouldn't trust you either.
[inaudible dialogue]
[Aram] Nick was my friend.
-I didn't know--
-"I didn't know."
They thought you were the smart one.
[grunting]
Admit it, man.
Deep down...
when it really matters most,
you'll always be a day late
and a dollar short.
If you weren't...
she'd still be alive.
[gunshot]
She was right in front of you...
and you were too scared to stop her.
But, hey, at least you managed
to make Agnes Keen an orphan.
And then there's Samar.
[Aram] Come on!
You know, I don't actually know
what happens when you die in here.
But the truth is, I don't really care.
Because in here or out there,
I'll be waiting.
And it's only a matter of time
before you realize you need me.
[ominous music playing]
You know the most amazing part
about all this?
I can't do a thing in here
that you don't want me to.
[gun cocks]
It would be sad, if it wasn't so pathetic.
[gunshot]
[body thuds]
God, I thought he'd never shut up.
Samar?
[Aram grunting]
-This is just another hallucination.
-Yes, and yet here I am.
You look incredible.
-You look like hell.
-Yeah.
Well, it's, um, kind of been a rough day.
Seems like it's been
a rough couple of years.
If I knew all it took to see you again
was a medical-grade acid trip--
You've been living a lie, Aram...
and I couldn't sit back
and watch it any longer.
What lie?
The one you've been telling yourself
since I went into the water.
The one you repeated when Liz died
and when Nick hijacked your code.
The one convincing you that you'll fail
as leader of the task force.
[grunts] I don't--
-I don't know what you're talking about.
-Yes. You do.
And I need you to see it.
The man in the mask had your face. Why?
-Why did you leave?
-Aram, please, we don't have much time.
I would've taken care of you.
Even if you forgot everything.
I just wanted to be near you.
Why did you
make yourself into a Blacklister?
Because it's my fault. All of it.
If I'd just gotten to you sooner,
you'd still be here with me,
instead of wasting away
alone on some island.
That was my choice, Aram.
[sobs] I was supposed to protect you
and I failed.
Just like I failed Liz and I failed Agnes
and I failed Greylock, and--
Just like I'm gonna fail the task force.
That's what he wants you to believe.
That doesn't make it true.
He wants you to believe
that if you were only stronger,
or smarter, or more ruthless,
that you could've stopped
everything from happening.
But no one has that much control.
Not Cooper, not Reddington, not you.
It wasn't your fault.
Samar.
The savior complex was more charming
when it wasn't completely homicidal.
[Aram laughs weakly]
Oh, God.
You've always been enough.
It's about time that you see it.
[pensive music playing]
Welcome back, Aram.
Where are you going?
I thought I'd give you some space.
You can always reach me
on the usual number.
Oh, Raymond, I don't know
what you want me to say.
You don't need to say anything.
You warned me that if I continued down
this path, terrible things would happen.
And they did. I knew they would.
They always have.
I want so badly to be angry with you.
[emotional music playing]
I think you want me to be too,
but the truth is, I'm not.
I'm just sad.
Yes.
[knocking on door]
Vlad. Oh, Vlad.
-Am I interrupting?
-No. Mierce, this is Vladimir Cvetko.
Vlad, this is Weecha's sister, Mierce.
[both speak in Spanish]
Vlad, you have a plane waiting.
The woman in the apartment,
was she Kate or not?
[in English] No. After compensating
for the damage caused by the fire,
I found that the samples
were a 50 percent match,
which means the woman
in the apartment was not Mr. Kaplan,
-it was--
-Her sister. Maureen.
[pensive music playing]
Thank you, Vlad.
Thank you.
[both speak in Spanish]
[in English] Raymond...
Go. Do what you will.
So that's not normal?
It's not uncommon for patients
to encounter feelings of shame and grief,
or even experience radical confrontations
with the self, but--
Murder loops?
Not something I've heard before.
I'm not sure I'd put it in the brochure.
How do you feel?
[pensive music playing]
I don't know. Um...
It's like I was certain
that it was just a matter of time
before everything fell apart,
and so I fought
as hard as I could to stop it,
even though I knew I couldn't,
and now...
for the first time that I can remember...
I don't feel like I have to fight anymore.
I'm glad, Aram.
It's not uncommon to feel like
one has a new lease on life...
-But?
-This treatment isn't a cure-all.
Do you understand?
I understand about as much
as anything that happened to me today.
So, uh... 50 percent?
Good enough.
[pensive music playing]
That night, before the explosion...
I was wondering what I would do
if all this really was Kate's doing.
I remember knowing with absolute certainty
that Elizabeth would have wanted me
to show her mercy.
I can still hear her voice.
Me too.
Before the bomb went off,
I thought, maybe...
I just might rise to the occasion.
At least now we know Mr. Kaplan
wasn't responsible for Liz's death.
You have something new on Mrs. Lacroix?
A mystery, really.
The assassin was paid via wire transfer
from an account at a Lebanese bank.
Problem is, according to public records,
that bank has been closed for years.
Trying to figure out
how the payment was made now,
but so far we haven't been able to find
out anything about the account holder.
You never will.
That account is part
of a financial network
more secure than any other bank on earth.
That's why I opened the account
in the first place.
[dramatic music playing]
The payment for Mrs. Lacroix's assassin,
it came from your account?
It did.
Our enemy is closer
than I ever imagined, Harold.
[gentle pensive music playing]
-How was your appointment?
-Oh, it was...
You weren't in a fender bender
this morning, were you?
No. Why?
No reason.
Uh, look, before we get started,
I need you to do me a favor.
This is gonna sound strange,
but I need you to slap me. Hard.
I know that's a weird-- Ow. Okay.
[Aram clears throat]
Thank you.
Happy to help.
Ever since I got back,
I've been wondering, why now?
I've been feeling guilty about Samar,
about Liz for years,
and what happened with Nick
and Greylock was awful, but...
why did I choose that moment
to totally fall off a cliff?
I'm not sure you chose anything,
but I'm curious if you have any ideas.
Well, I can't be sure,
but I actually think it's all your fault.
[chuckles]
With you in charge,
I always had someone to rely on,
to make the hard calls,
take the blame if things went wrong.
I knew I wasn't ready, but I was hoping
I'd handle it a little better.
You're handling it fine.
I've been so anxious and depressed,
I took an experimental hallucinogen.
You got help.
And I'm proud of you for that.
This place is a crucible.
Of course you were overwhelmed.
You remember you were kidnapped
about a month ago, right?
This job demands that
you recognize the things you can control,
and the things you can't.
You make the best choices you can...
then you find a way to forgive yourself
so you can move forward.
-That sounds completely impossible.
-[chuckles] I know.
But you'll learn,
and I'll have your back while you do.
We all will.
[pensive music playing]
[dramatic music playing]